Two agenda items proposed:
- Discuss progress on the TACACS+ Protocol draft, if any.  Or what help
  is needed.

Current status is unknown; Doug's presence is needed.

- Open to any comments on the current text.

  Attempting to address one of Russ Housley's comments; in Section 3.1
  Well-Known TCP/IP Port, I tried to address the negative aspect(s) of a new
  well-known port; primarily the down-grade attack.  I am not certain that I
  captured this nor covered all of them; it likely needs more attention.

  Thorsten said that there were 2 major concerns with not using an
  separate port:
	- middleware boxes (MiTM)
	- distinguishing between old and new protocols
  Downgrade should not be a problem; it can be addressed by not supporting the
  legacy TCP port or removal of that code entirely.  One can't attack code
  that is not present.

  If legacy support is not present, how is the transition performed?  It is
  expected that separate servers would be used and that clients can be
  configured specifically for TLS as a totally separate authen/author
  mechanism (tacacs server address [old_port||new_port]).

  Andrej suggest that there should be no attempt to address operational
  procedures of transition from the legacy protocol unless OPSAWG demands it.
  Otherwise only mention transition in the sense of what must be supported by
  protocol or implementation to achieve it.

  We should address why something is being deprecated and support the decision;
  ie: MD5, etc.

  We must also address failure procedures, such as network connection failure:
	- client attempts connect, fails, should it move to next server?
	- client connects, tls fails, should it move to next server?
	- all tacacs servers fail, what then?
		should say that any additional auth mechanisms should be chosen
		by config and other mechanisms are not suggested/guided by the
		document, but should not revert to insecure methods

  I tried to re-word S3.2 TLS Protocol Version in a manner that prescribes
  adoption of new TLS technologies and abandonment of old.  This still needs
  a reference to the recommendations documentation that Russ suggested.

  Andrej has concern about interoperability; some bare minimum must be
  mandated to maintain interoperability.

  How can implementers keep up to date with TLS versions/algs or even just
  with what has been deprecated or emerged.  Following IETF status is not an
  easy task.

  Andrej thinks we should ask the OPSAWG; even before publishing an initial
  draft for adoption.
